

If I am chosen for a project that I cannot comply with, can I desist?
--> A) Yes, as long as I let Workana Support know within 24 hours of accepting the bid 
B) Yes, I can write to Support at any time and let them know
C) I let the client know directly that I will not do it
D) Yes, I directly do so


If a project contains very little information or if it is not well described, I should:
A) Make a bid even if I did not understand the project
--> B) Send a message to the client asking more about the project and try to clarify what it is about before making a bid 
C) Tell them to learn how to write correctly
D) All of the above


If I have not won a project in Workana yet, I can do the following:
A) Send bids to all the projects I find, even to those for which I do not have the required skills
B) Complete some of the tests offered by Workana to certify my skills
C) Try to improve my bids and read the tips from the Workana Help Center
D) Find the projects that are perfect for me and try to send a customized bid
--> E) B, C and D are correct 


The ratings I receive from clients are:
--> A) Important. They determine the quality of the work done in Workana and they can help me get new clients 
B) Important, but clients usually don't give much attention to them
C) Important, but if I don't agree with them they can be modified by Workana
D) All of the above


Workana's guarantee works in the following way:
A) The client pays directly to me and I withdraw the money when I need it
--> B) The client pays Workana and they release the funds when the client is satisfied with the received work 
C) I work on a project before the client makes the payment and, they pay only once I finish the work


I can start working on a project when:
A) The client asks me to even without accepting my bid or making the escrow
B) Whenever I want. The status of the project does not matter neither if the client has paid or not
--> C) Only after the client has accepted my bid and has made the escrow. If not, I cannot count on Workana's guarantee 
D) None of the above


When you ask for funds to be released in a project, should you send a deliverable?
A) No. It is not necessary. I can ask for the funds to be released partially or totally in advance without a deliverable
--> B) Yes, always. Asking for funds to be realeased without a delivery violates Workana's policies and I can be penalized 


If I use Skype, email or any other way of external contact during the development of a project, what happens if a have an arbitration?
A) Nothing, it really doesn't matter
--> B) Everything talked or agreed upon outside the platform will have no validity
C) I send it to the Support team through an email so they can take into account


What happens if I don't comply with the agreement made with the client in a project?
A) Nothing, projects can be canceled without a problem and without affecting my profile
B) The project cannot be cancelled and it wil remain open eternally
--> C) We can cancel the project, but this means a non compliance will show on my profile, the suspension of my bids and even the definite closure of my account
D) I wil receive a non compliance but by writing to Support they will take it away


Compliance with Workana's policies is:
A) Little important. If I don't comply with the policies I just receive an alert
B) Important. They can penalize me and even close my account but I can always create a new account
--> C) Very important. They can penalize me and close my account and I will not be able to open a new one


If I am chosen for a project that I cannot comply with, can I desist?
--> A) Yes, as long as I let Workana Support know within 24 hours of accepting the bid
B) Yes, I can write to Support at any time and let them know
C) I let the client know directly that I will not do it
D) Yes, I directly do so


On which dates do I receive my funds if I do not have a membership plan?
--> A) From the 1st to the 5th day of each month
B) From the 15th to the 20th day of each month
C) Whenever I want
D) All of the above


In Workana's policies it is specified that I cannot have the following information on my profile:
A) External contact or payment information
B) Previous jobs
C) My name and photo
D) Information copied from another profile
--> E) A and D are correct


If a client treats me badly or offensively I must:
A) Reply in the same way
B) Let them know about everything they do wrong
C) Take a deep breath and try to understand and solve the problem
D) If the mistreatment continues, I should report it to Workana
--> E) C and D are correct


If a client accepts my bid and pays for it, I have the obligation to finish the project. Not doing so can imply:
A) Nothing happens. I can cancel the project whenever I want
B) Workana can issue a non compliance on my profile
C) My bids could be suspended in the platform for an undetermined period
D) My account can be closed definitively
--> E) B, C and D are correct


The best proposals are:
A) Those that are made after clearing all the doubts regarding the client specifications
B) Those that clearly detail the work to be done, the work schedule, commitments, and deliverables
C) Those that are customized according to the project
D) Those that are carried out after agreeing with the client on the work, deadlines and the project price
--> E) All of the above


What type of projects can I find in Workana?
A) Free projects
--> B) Paid projects in which I can charge per hour worked or by finished project
C) Projects paid by commission
D) Projects in which I can partner with other users and share profits
E) All of the above


Under what circumstances am I allowed to share contact information with a client?
A) At any time during our communication
--> B) Never. It is a violation to Workana's policies and my account could get closed
C) Only when the client asks for it


I am ready to send a bid to a client when:
A) The client has specified all the details of the project
B) I have no doubts about what the client needs
C) I am sure that I wil have the capacity and necessary time to complete the project
--> D) All of the above


If I have any doubts about how Workana works, I can:
A) Ask the clients how it works
B) Look for solutions in Help Center
C) Write to Support in case of not finding the help I needed
--> D) B and C are correct